Added support for auto cache update (#12062)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureLogAnalytics/ReleaseNotes/1_0_8.md

#### Integrations
##### Azure Log Analytics (Beta)

> - Added support for auto cache update on token expiration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for cache to be updated automatically on token expiration.
```
